how can you make people®?
I don't know!
I think, maybe, I can do it, now!
I'm gonna have to do something.
I need to hold it.
It's okay, I think.
I think it's okay.
I'm not gonna.
Do you know that I'm gonna...
No!
Do not move, do you know that I'm going to do that?
What?
No!
Does anyone have any magic?
Do you have magic?
Do you wanna go and see me?
That's what's going on there.
I'll put you in your pocket and go out there.
No?
I think I'm gonna have to do it.
I'm good to see you!
You have to be well understood,
and you will see the other,
and you will see the other!
And they will be all of you here!
Where you live?
I live very well!
I work very well!
Oh, I will live,
because it's my life,
and now I'm living here!
I live very well!
Ah, okay...
I am gonna live here!
And now I live very well!
And now I live!
Yes, I mean, I want to put it the same way.
The whole thing goes on.
You're like a little superhero, did you?
No, no, I could never get that!
No, I couldn't do it.
No, no, I couldn't do anything...
no, the man will put me down there that you're looking for today.
Yes, I didn't do anything to him.
I, as a Doctor, I'd have to plan to do something with you soon.
Oh...
The
I'm not kidding. I'm gonna do it.
You're gonna be pretty good.
I don't know what to tell you.
But what if I don't tell you?
Maybe I know who to say,
I don't know what to tell you.
I don't know, but I don't know.
I don't know if I'm gonna do it.
Wow,
I'm gonna go back to the house.
What would you like to tell me?
I'm gonna go to my house.
he was a good friend.
idk.
When he was a good friend,
and now he will be my imager.
hewelles.
he is the only friend I told with his postures.
If he does, he is the best friend.
he is going to be the best.
he was a good friend.
he is the best friend.
his friend he is a good friend.
he is a good friend.
Huh?
I know your body is not complete, its a problem, I am a bit nervous.
Who can you tell me what is going on?
What?
Is it not me?
I am a very tall adult.
But am I a very tall adult?
How much is my body?
What's your problem with you?
How much are you in the night?
How long are you?
It's only the same.
I don't want to ask you.
I'm a granny.
No.
I don't care if it's your career.
I have to say something else.
I will never think of this as a passion.
I love this!
You are the only one.
I have a lot of love.
I can feel the same as you.
and okay.
Okay.
First, we're gonna go to the next section and see you later.
Hello.
What's up.
What's up there?
Hello.
How are you?
Hi.
What's up there?
Hello.
I'm not sure.
We can do this, not that.
No way.
I made this...
...over to you.
It's more than you said.
I know that I'm home.
I love you.
What's your favorite things?
I told him I'm not home!
I love you.
What about me, your present?
I'm home.
I love you!
I've come to present your present!
I love you.
You're friends.
My roots, my Wakee.
I love you.
Because I'm a boy.
I'll be when I'm eight, twenty, nine, five, six, six, eight, nine, ten, twenty, ten, ten
and you're thinking about what the difference is about you.
I'll be at it so I can get you out of all the way.
I can be in need of all the time.
You can be in the home.
Your life will be as easy as you are going.
I'll put it down in order.
You're going to be getting out.
I'll be just waiting for you to read me about you.
What do you have?
grilled rice!!
You're like my brain!!
When I am eating egg..
You have to eat eggs!!
That's what you're saying..
What do you have to eat?
No..
What do you call it??
Hell no.
What do you think?
Don't forget me!!
My brain is not even working!!
I'm up at the same time now.
I'm not going to stop eating??
Because this is anything!
The matter is very bad.
I'll never do that.
I'm going to do that.
No, no.
Just wait for me.
You are not really a man.
You are always a guy.
Leave me alone.
Bella.
I can't believe it.
I am not a man.
You are a bitch.
I am a woman who is a woman.
I am an old woman.
I was a man.
I am a woman.
It'sparodem phrases reported as peaceful,
and they are debating they don't serve you.
Here is what I'm talking about!
What's happened?
All this?
All this and all this?
varying
all this.
I'm your mother!
where are you?
4iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii more scrape!
ka-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba
Hoa, bleu kakizameh
no, mokakizameha
I'm a nook-ə-ba-mo-dik
it's no kafizameha-speaking
ok,
what's the new one named by Shukor?
no
zE
what is the new answer to that word?
No, I'm a good one
no, I know
this is the new one, we ask for a car
That's why I mean this.
And I told you that I was a little bit nervous.
Now it's not going to be too big.
I want to be a bit of throat.
But I didn't want to do a bye.
I want to do a bye.
The only one who decides to do a dance!
Then you can't stop me.
I want to do a dance.
I need to take a short break.
He's also known as Mio Deja.
Now the guy's...
...that's the big side,
but he's always known for you.
The guy's always known for you.
We'll be the winner.
When he comes to the store...
...you'll have to say that in the day.
The band is in the garage.
The director has to tell you.
He's an amazing girl.
And he's always known for you.
I'm not going to be so busy with my friends.
And I'm going to be doing this for you.
Oh, my God, I'm not going to.
I'm going to have a trip.
Ah, I'm going to be an idiot!
It's really so important that I'm not going to be an idiot.
I'm going to be an idiot, but I'm going to be an idiot.
I'm going to be a idiot.
No, I'm going to be an idiot.
No, that's right.
I can't believe I won't be a human.
I got a special offer.
I won't be a human.
And I won't be a human.
My soul is ready to die.
I am not going to be a human.
I'm not going to be a human.
But I'm going to be a human.
ode.
Got him.
And it's all good.
But it's not bad.
I'm sorry.
My name is...
Get down.
and I'm sorry.
Go now?
Go now.
I'll get you a move.
No.
I'm no good at going.
It's almost too much.
One day I've got to go up.
Yes.
In English.
Okay.
That's it.
What the fuck?
Me?
By his example, crimes.
Say that you thought that Bubble Day would be the problem.
Me?
Where did the girl leave her and tell me that she broke him?
Who's which?
Me.
Sure.
Man, a sweetheart voice.
Oh!
Really?
What am I doing?
No, don't cry.
I have to tell you something.
I just didn't say it.
You were trying to go to the meeting 51 years ago.
I could go to the meeting at the meeting.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there!
You're going to be there.
I should be there.
But I don't think that I'll wait until my day.
No, I'm going to stay there.
Nothing.
You should be there.
And I should be there.
Are you right?
I'm coming to life, and I'll just be there.
There's nothing wrong with something beyond that.
It was so good.
And it's so good.
There's nothing wrong.
What is this?
We're ready for you.
We are here.
Pele.
Huh?
Humber.
It's okay.
You were coming.
How long you put this?
I thought it was going to be different, but I think we are there.
But what is it?
Hope you guys enjoy this, and we will talk about this in a minute.
This is the part of the search, and this is the point of the search.
Hey....
Bella.
characteristic.
I thought that you would do this to me.
So don't tell me what you are hearing in the past...
No matter where you live.
I know..
since I was 13 years old.
I was just a little young and 2 years old.
I didn't talk so well.
You have told me about my own words.
I am too tired. As soon as we meet our friends in the Conn-Tō Channel, I have the best friends.
What are you doing?
I don't wanna stay here?
No. No.
As soon as the season ends,
I want to stay home.
I am so glad that my friends are not growing up.
I am not looking for the future of this world.
I am so glad that my friends won't be there.
And now when we get here, we need a whole new system.
What does it say?
We need to work out the ability to plan our role.
Okay!
What is it that we can do today?
To develop a system where we will take some different ways.
No.
No?
It just works, I got this.
So, remember to like, subscribe, share, and like.
And leave the connection with us.
We'll meet you again next week.
Thank you.
Love you.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Bye, later!